the fort presents with great prominence in
your stand at the geneva hall in switzerland
the final production version of the new
ecosport
the global swu developed in brazil does
part of the ford renewal in the market
European whose goal is to sell 1 million of
sporting criteria of its line in the
next six years
counting also the new ford kuga and in
brief or until
the presentation of the new line of fans
tournament offers a wide range of options
cargo transport vehicles
urban and passenger transport
new versions as an attorney occurs if
stand out by the spacious flexible interior
economic engines and by offering
the most complete package and
the strong category with its
line of vans is the
Europe
already the eco sport one of the biggest surprises
of the geneva hall that opens the doors
to the public from 7 to 17 March
European consumers
a new car segment option
using the global platform of the
strong b segment
it combines agility economy of
fuel for a family car
compact with space flexibility
internal position of driving and
style of a sports utility vehicle
in the booth in Geneva the version
presented with advanced 1.0 engine
ecoboost three- cylinder gasoline and
125 horses beyond the optimal performance
fuel economy is one of the
highlights of this new engine the eco line
sport in europe still have options of
1.5-liter petrol engines of 110
1.5 diesel of 90 horses and will also come
equipped with technologies
advanced driver assistance
such as electronic stability control
ramp starting assistant with your
bold and modern sports lines
which has drawn attention to the markets
where it will be sold as India to China
another eco-sport attraction for
European customers is a new system of
connectivity 5
a voice command the ford suv will be the
the first vehicle in Europe to have a
strong system sim kieling and interface
which allows you to control your
by voice command including
access to the music service spotify the
new ecosport will reach the European market
in the coming months as a second
sports utility vehicle next to the
just released guga
Ford also plans to launch the new
the generation of ad in Europe and
production of utility explorer
with seven seats still this
year in russia